docs: clarify the 'keeping results' section (#6979)
celery/celery: docs/getting-started/first-steps-with-celery.rst

To read more about result backends please see :ref:`task-result-backends`.

> Now with the result backend configured, close the current python session and `import` the
> `app` from `tasks` again to put the changes into effect. This time you'll hold on to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now with the result backend configured, close the current python session and import the
``tasks`` module again to put the changes into effect. This time you'll hold on to the
```
